actor User
activate User
participant HomeScreen
participant AdmLogin
participant AdmHomeScreen
participant NewFieldEntryScreen
participant SuccessEntryScreen
participant EditEntryScreen
participant EditFieldInfoScreen
participant SuccessEditScreen
database DataBase

User->HomeScreen:clickLoginAsAdmin()
activate HomeScreen
HomeScreen->AdmLogin:goTo()
activate AdmLogin
deactivate HomeScreen
User->AdmLogin:enterAdminCredentials()
AdmLogin->AdmHomeScreen:goTo()
activate AdmHomeScreen
deactivate AdmLogin

alt New Field Entry 
User->AdmHomeScreen:clickNewEntry()
create NewFieldEntryScreen
AdmHomeScreen->NewFieldEntryScreen:goTo()
deactivate AdmHomeScreen
activate NewFieldEntryScreen
User->NewFieldEntryScreen:enterFieldInfo()
NewFieldEntryScreen->DataBase:Validation()
activate DataBase
DataBase-->NewFieldEntryScreen:returnValidation()
deactivate DataBase
NewFieldEntryScreen->DataBase:submit()
activate DataBase
DataBase-->NewFieldEntryScreen:ok()
deactivate DataBase
create SuccessEntryScreen
NewFieldEntryScreen->SuccessEntryScreen:display()
activate SuccessEntryScreen
deactivate SuccessEntryScreen
deactivate NewFieldEntryScreen

else Edit Entry
User->AdmHomeScreen:clickEditEntry()
activate AdmHomeScreen
create EditEntryScreen
AdmHomeScreen->EditEntryScreen:goTo()
activate EditEntryScreen
User->EditEntryScreen:clickEntry()
create EditFieldInfoScreen
EditEntryScreen->EditFieldInfoScreen:goTo()
deactivate EditEntryScreen
activate EditFieldInfoScreen
User->EditFieldInfoScreen:editFieldInfo()
EditFieldInfoScreen->DataBase:submit()
activate DataBase
DataBase-->EditFieldInfoScreen:ok()
deactivate DataBase
create SuccessEditScreen
EditFieldInfoScreen->SuccessEditScreen:display()
activate SuccessEditScreen
deactivate SuccessEditScreen
deactivate EditFieldInfoScreen
end

deactivate AdmHomeScreen
deactivate User