actor User

participant Homescreen
participant RegScreen
participant Account
participant ExistAccScreen
participant LoginScreen
participant WeakPassScreen
participant ConfEmailScreen
participant ConfRegScreen
participant DataBaseManager


User->Homescreen:selectSignUp()
Homescreen->RegScreen:goTo()
activate RegScreen
User->RegScreen:enterDetails()
User->RegScreen:clickSubmitButton()

RegScreen->DataBaseManager:checkDetails()
activate DataBaseManager
RegScreen<--DataBaseManager:returnDetails()
deactivate DataBaseManager

alt ValidateDetails
RegScreen-->*Account:<create>
activate Account
RegScreen->Account:display()
deactivate Account
deactivate RegScreen
else NonValidateDetails
User->RegScreen:enterExistingEmail()
activate RegScreen
RegScreen-->*ExistAccScreen:<create>
activate ExistAccScreen
RegScreen->ExistAccScreen:display()
deactivate RegScreen
ExistAccScreen-->*LoginScreen:<create>
activate LoginScreen
ExistAccScreen->LoginScreen:display()
deactivate LoginScreen
User->RegScreen:enterWeakPass()
activate RegScreen
RegScreen-->*WeakPassScreen:<create>
activate WeakPassScreen
deactivate RegScreen
ExistAccScreen->WeakPassScreen:display()
ExistAccScreen<--WeakPassScreen:enterStrongerPass()
deactivate WeakPassScreen
end

ExistAccScreen-->*ConfEmailScreen:<create>
activate ConfEmailScreen
ExistAccScreen->ConfEmailScreen:display()
deactivate ExistAccScreen
User->ConfEmailScreen:clickLinkButton()
ConfEmailScreen->ConfEmailScreen:checkvalidateLink()
ConfEmailScreen-->*ConfRegScreen:<create>
ConfEmailScreen->ConfRegScreen:goTo()
deactivate ConfEmailScreen
activate ConfRegScreen
ConfRegScreen->ConfRegScreen:successReg()
deactivate ConfRegScreen
